README.md, before:

FastLED NeoMatrix
=================

Adafruit_GFX-compatible library for NeoPixel matrices and grids. Controls single and tiled NeoPixel displays.
This library requires FastLED and Adafruit_GFX libraries.

Please see https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-neopixel-uberguide/neomatrix-library for how to use this library.

Example code: https://github.com/marcmerlin/FastLED_NeoMatrix/blob/master/examples/MatrixGFXDemo/MatrixGFXDemo.ino

More complex example code: https://github.com/marcmerlin/NeoMatrix-FastLED-IR

This code was taken from Adafruit_NeoMatrix and adapted to work with the more powerful FastLED library.
The reasons for using FastLED instead of Adafruit::Neopixel as a backend, include:
* FastLED supports more microcontrollers
* Better support for ESP32 than Adafruit::Neopixel
* Support for parallel output on some chips for faster refresh rate: https://github.com/FastLED/FastLED/wiki/Parallel-Output
* Support for interrupts to allow things like Infrared to work while updating strips
* Support for many more led/pixel hardware: https://github.com/FastLED/FastLED/wiki/Chipset-reference

Video demo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tU_wkrrv_4A

![164_20170424_adafruit_gfx_on_neomatrix_32x32](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1369412/38774532-5d6b0f2e-4020-11e8-86ef-afdffbeb1e1d.jpg)
![171_20170424_adafruit_gfx_on_neomatrix_32x32](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1369412/38774533-5d83d6bc-4020-11e8-95bb-417368143d70.jpg)

Commit message:

First convertion to SmartMatrix.
Builds, does not work yet.
Removed all Demos not relevant to SmartMatrix_GFX
Search/Replace in other demos that don't work yet.

README.md, after:

SmartMatrix GFX, Control Scan Based Matrices with SmartMatrix and Adafruit GFX API
==================================================================================

Adafruit::GFX compatible library for scan based matrices.
This library requires SmartMatrix and Adafruit_GFX libraries.

Example code: https://github.com/marcmerlin/SmartMatrix_GFX/blob/master/examples/MatrixGFXDemo/MatrixGFXDemo.ino

This code was taken from Adafruit_NeoMatrix and adapted to work with the SmartMatrix library. SmartMatrix is used to drive row scan panels. They are not as good as NeoPixel based panels which you can run with FastLED::NeoMatrix instead, but you should consider SmartMatrix driven panels if one of those reasons apply to you:
* They are cheaper given that the pixels do not have logic (they also don't stay on unless you keep refreshing them)
* One big reason to use them is that you can have much higher density (2.5 to 5mm per pixel vs 10mm for the typical neopixel matrix)
* scan panels are 50 to 70% cheaper per pixel than neopixel based matrices.

That being said, I do recommend that you use Neopixel matrices whenever you can as for their much better display quality, brightness, and being easier to drive, but if you decide to use scan based matrices for the reasons above and you'd like Adafruit::GFX compatibility, then this library is for you.
